Update README.md (#864)
100mslive/react-native-hms: README.md

[![Activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/m/100mslive/react-native-hms.svg)](https://github.com/100mslive/react-native-hms/projects/1)
[![Register](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contact-Know%20More-blue)](https://dashboard.100ms.live/register)

React Native Package for 100ms SDK

📖 Read the Complete Documentation here: https://www.100ms.live/docs/react-native/v2/foundation/basics

## 🏃 Example App

📲 Download the Example iOS app here: https://testflight.apple.com/join/v4bSIPad

🤖 Download the Example Android app here: https://appdistribution.firebase.dev/i/7b7ab3b30e627c35

To get a better understanding of how the example app is stuctured, what to do on `onJoin`, `onTrack` and `onPeer` listeners, creating `PeerTrackNodes`, how to use Redux, and what type of layouts and sorting you can implement in your app, checkout [Example App's README](https://github.com/100mslive/react-native-hms/blob/develop/example/README.md)

To run the Example app on your system, follow these steps -

1. In the project root, run `npm install`
2. Go to the example folder, `cd example`
3. In the example folder, run `npm install`
4. To run on Android, run `npx react-native run-android`

> 5. To run on iOS, first install the pods in iOS folder, `cd ios; pod install`. Then, set the Correct Development Team in Signing & Capabilities in Xcode Build Settings. Then, in example folder, run `npx react-native run-ios`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To run on iOS, first install the pods in iOS folder, `cd ios; pod install`. Then, set the Correct Development Team in Xcode Signing & Capabilities section. Then, in example folder, run `npx react-native run-ios`
```
